oh I do like a party one thing what
should happen if you forget about me
silly unfair oh never forget about you
pay promise even when I'm a hundred we
should be working this weekend woman but
I promised my wife and daughter I'd take
them away this weekend all hands on deck
you won't be coming to the cottage well
it can't be helped your life is
happening now right in front of you what
to do what to do what to do what to do
indeed poor Christopher Robin no the
tree I remember was in the countryside
not here in London this is our opening
I suppose it's where it needs to be
let's a silly explanation watch thank
you who why are you here oh yes I need
your help
I've lost all of my friends let's get to
the bottom of this
look up here I come it would appear that
I am stuck have you just eaten honey I
have not just eaten dirty I wonder which
way I always get to where I'm going by
walking away from where I have been
don't you that's the way I go a turn
hello you're Christopher Robin it's you
later let's gonna see if identify
piglets I've already stayed far too long
[Music]
so nice to see you all again much thank
you sir little bear I was wrong about
work I was wrong about everything and
I've got to get back to my family
farewell Christopher Robin I would have
liked it to go on for a while longer
perhaps it's our turn to save
Christopher
[Music]
you must bring Matalin wait he or the
bear of my father's drawings yes do you
know where he is I did I just thought oh
sweet posture is impossible
piglet if anyone wants to clap now is
the time to do it I don't remember being
cherry
people say nothing is impossible but I
do nothing every day
no poo that's not
you
[Music]